.\" $NCDId: @(#)AuDAttr.man,v 1.1 1994/09/27 00:25:12 greg Exp $
.\" Copyright 1994 Steven King
.\"
.\" portions are
.\" * Copyright 1993 Network Computing Devices, Inc.
.\" *
.\" * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
.\" * documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
.\" * the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
.\" * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
.\" * documentation, and that the name Network Computing Devices, Inc. not be
.\" * used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of this
.\" * software without specific, written prior permission.
.\" * 
.\" * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS-IS'.  NETWORK COMPUTING DEVICES, INC.,
.\" * DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT
.\" * LIMITATION ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
.\" * PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL NETWORK
.\" * COMPUTING DEVICES, INC., BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING
.\" * SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA,
.\" * OR PROFITS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF, AND REGARDLESS OF
.\" * WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT OR NEGLIGENCE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
.\" * CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\" $Id: AuDAttr.man,v 1.1.1.1 1999/05/08 18:47:21 jon Exp $
.TH AuDeviceAttributes 3 "1.2" "audiolib - device attributes structure"
.SH \fBName\fP
\fBAuDeviceAttributes\fP \- device attributes structure
.SH \fBStructures\fP

.sp 1
typedef struct _AuDeviceAttributes
.br
{
.br
    . . .
.br
}\fBAuDeviceAttributes\fP;
.SH \fBMembers\fP
Do not dereference the members of the \fBAuDeviceAttributes\fP structure directly.
Instead use the access macros.
.LP
\fIda\fP is a pointer to a \fBAuDeviceAttributes\fP structure.
.IP \fBAuDeviceValueMask\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuMask\fP value indicating what attributes are present.
This is a bitwise inclusive OR of these constants:
\fBAuCompCommonIDMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonKindMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonUseMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonFormatMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonNumTracksMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonAccessMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonDescriptionMask\fP, \fBAuCompDeviceMinSampleRateMask\fP, \fBAuCompDeviceMaxSampleRateMask\fP, \fBAuCompDeviceLocationMask\fP, \fBAuCompDeviceGainMask\fP, \fBAuCompDeviceLineModeMask\fP, and \fBAuCompDeviceChildrenMask\fP.
.IP \fBAuDeviceChangableMask\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuMask\fP value indicating which attributes can be changed.
This is a bitwise inclusive OR of these constants:
\fBAuCompCommonIDMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonKindMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonUseMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonFormatMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonNumTracksMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonAccessMask\fP, \fBAuCompCommonDescriptionMask\fP, \fBAuCompDeviceMinSampleRateMask\fP, \fBAuCompDeviceMaxSampleRateMask\fP, \fBAuCompDeviceLocationMask\fP, \fBAuCompDeviceGainMask\fP, \fBAuCompDeviceLineModeMask\fP, and \fBAuCompDeviceChildrenMask\fP.
.IP \fBAuDeviceIdentifier\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuFlowID\fP ID of the device.
.IP \fBAuDeviceKind\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the kind of component.
Devices are either \fBAuComponentKindPhysicalInput\fP or \fBAuComponentKindPhysicalOutput\fP.
.IP \fBAuDeviceUse\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuMask\fP value indicating what uses of the device are permitted.
This is a bitwise inclusive OR of these constants:
\fBAuComponentUseImportMask\fP and \fBAuComponentUseExportMask\fP.
.IP \fBAuDeviceFormat\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the audio data format the device uses.
Currently, the following formats are defined:
\fBAuFormatULAW8\fP, \fBAuFormatLinearUnsigned8\fP, \fBAuFormatLinearSigned8\fP, \fBAuFormatLinearSigned16MSB\fP, \fBAuFormatLinearUnsigned16MSB\fP, \fBAuFormatLinearSigned16LSB\fP, and \fBAuFormatLinearUnsigned16LSB\fP.
.IP \fBAuDeviceNumTracks\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the number of tracks the device supports.
.IP \fBAuDeviceAccess\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuMask\fP value indicating what kinds of access are allowed.
This is a bitwise inclusive OR of these constants:
\fBAuAccessImportMask\fP, \fBAuAccessExportMask\fP, \fBAuAccessDestroyMask\fP, and \fBAuAccessListMask\fP.
.IP \fBAuDeviceDescription\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuString\fP structure containing a textual description of the device.
.IP \fBAuDeviceMinSampleRate\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the unsigned int value indicating the minimum sample rate supported by the device.
.IP \fBAuDeviceMaxSampleRate\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the unsigned int value indicating the maximum sample rate supported by the device.
.IP \fBAuDeviceLocation\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuMask\fP value indicating the location of the device.
This is a bitwise inclusive OR of these constants:
\fBAuDeviceLocationLeftMask\fP, \fBAuDeviceLocationCenterMask\fP, \fBAuDeviceLocationRightMask\fP, \fBAuDeviceLocationTopMask\fP, \fBAuDeviceLocationMiddleMask\fP, \fBAuDeviceLocationBottomMask\fP, \fBAuDeviceLocationBackMask\fP, \fBAuDeviceLocationFrontMask\fP, \fBAuDeviceLocationInternalMask\fP, and \fBAuDeviceLocationExternalMask\fP
.IP \fBAuDeviceGain\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuFixedPoint\fP value with the current hardware amplification level.
.IP \fBAuDeviceLineMode\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuInt32\fP value indicating the current line mode (input device only).
.IP \fBAuDeviceNumChildren\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the number of subcomponents of the device.
.IP \fBAuDeviceChildren\fP(\fIda\fP) 1i
Accesses the list of \fBAuDeviceID\fP's of the subcomponents of the device.
.SH \fBDescription\fP
The \fBAuDeviceAttributes\fP structure describes the physical hardware interface.
.SH \fBSee Also\fP
\fBAuGetDeviceAttributes\fP,
\fBAuListDevices\fP.
.sp 1
audiolib \- \fBNetwork Audio System\fP C Language Interface

