.\" $NCDId: @(#)AuElmnt.man,v 1.1 1994/09/27 00:26:17 greg Exp $
.\" copyright 1994 Steven King
.\"
.\" portions are
.\" * Copyright 1993 Network Computing Devices, Inc.
.\" *
.\" * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
.\" * documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
.\" * the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
.\" * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
.\" * documentation, and that the name Network Computing Devices, Inc. not be
.\" * used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of this
.\" * software without specific, written prior permission.
.\" * 
.\" * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS-IS'.  NETWORK COMPUTING DEVICES, INC.,
.\" * DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT
.\" * LIMITATION ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
.\" * PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL NETWORK
.\" * COMPUTING DEVICES, INC., BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING
.\" * SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA,
.\" * OR PROFITS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF, AND REGARDLESS OF
.\" * WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT OR NEGLIGENCE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
.\" * CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\" $Id: AuElmnt.man,v 1.1.1.1 1999/05/08 18:47:21 jon Exp $
.TH AuElement 3 "1.2" "audiolib - element union"
.SH \fBName\fP
\fBAuElement\fP \- AuElement union
.SH \fBStructures\fP

.sp 1
typedef union _AuElement
.br
{
.br
    unsigned short \fItype\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementImportClient\fP \fIimportclient\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementImportDevice\fP \fIimportdevice\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementImportBucket\fP \fIimportbucket\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementImportWaveForm\fP \fIimportwaveform\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementBundle\fP \fIbundle\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementMultiplyConstant\fP \fImultiplyconstant\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementAddConstant\fP \fIaddconstant\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementSum\fP \fIsum\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementExportClient\fP \fIexportclient\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementExportDevice\fP \fIexportdevice\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementExportBucket\fP \fIexportbucket\fP;
.br
    \fBAuElementExportMonitor\fP \fIexportmonitor\fP;
.br
}\fBAuElement\fP;
.SH \fBMembers\fP
.IP \fItype\fP 1i
Specifies the element type.
Currently, one of these constants: \fBAuElementTypeAddConstant\fP, \fBAuElementTypeBundle\fP, \fBAuElementTypeExportBucket\fP, \fBAuElementTypeExportClient\fP, \fBAuElementTypeExportDevice\fP, \fBAuElementTypeExportMonitor\fP, \fBAuElementTypeImportClient\fP, \fBAuElementTypeImportDevice\fP, \fBAuElementTypeImportBucket\fP, \fBAuElementTypeImportWaveForm\fP, \fBAuElementTypeMultiplyConstant\fP, or \fBAuElementTypeSum\fP.
.IP \fIimportclient\fP 1i
Used to read audio data from a client application.
.IP \fIimportdevice\fP 1i
Used to read audio data from a device.
.IP \fIimportbucket\fP 1i
Used to read audio data from a bucket.
.IP \fIimportwaveform\fP 1i
Used to read audio data from a waveform generator.
.IP \fIbundle\fP 1i
Used to access tracks in audio data.
.IP \fImultiplyconstant\fP 1i
Used to scale the value of samples in audio data.
.IP \fIaddconstant\fP 1i
Used to offset the value of samples in audio data.
.IP \fIsum\fP 1i
Used to merge together samples from different inputs.
.IP \fIexportclient\fP 1i
Used to write audio data to a client application.
.IP \fIexportdevice\fP 1i
Used to write audio data to a device.
.IP \fIexportbucket\fP 1i
Used to write audio data to a bucket.
.IP \fIexportmonitor\fP 1i
Used to write monitor data to a client application.
.SH \fBDescription\fP
Elements are instructions to the server on how to handle the audio data in a flow.
.SH \fBSee Also\fP
\fBAuMakeElementAddConstant\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementBundle\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementImportClient\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementImportDevice\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementImportBucket\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementImportWaveForm\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementExportClient\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementExportDevice\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementExportBucket\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementExportMonitor\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementMultiplyConstant\fP,
\fBAuMakeElementSum\fP,
\fBAuReadElement\fP,
\fBAuSetElements\fP,
\fBAuSetElementParameters\fP,
\fBAuWriteElement\fP.
.sp 1
audiolib \- \fBNetwork Audio System\fP C Language Interface
