.\" $NCDId: @(#)AuMNtEvt.man,v 1.1 1994/09/27 00:33:07 greg Exp $
.\" copyright 1994 Steven King
.\"
.\" portions are
.\" * Copyright 1993 Network Computing Devices, Inc.
.\" *
.\" * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
.\" * documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
.\" * the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
.\" * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
.\" * documentation, and that the name Network Computing Devices, Inc. not be
.\" * used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of this
.\" * software without specific, written prior permission.
.\" * 
.\" * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS-IS'.  NETWORK COMPUTING DEVICES, INC.,
.\" * DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT
.\" * LIMITATION ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
.\" * PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL NETWORK
.\" * COMPUTING DEVICES, INC., BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING
.\" * SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA,
.\" * OR PROFITS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF, AND REGARDLESS OF
.\" * WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT OR NEGLIGENCE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
.\" * CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\" $Id: AuMNtEvt.man,v 1.1.1.1 1999/05/08 18:47:25 jon Exp $
.TH AuMonitorNotifyEvent 3 "1.2" "audiolib - events"
.SH \fBName\fP
\fBAuMonitorNotifyEvent\fP \- monitor notify event structure
.SH \fBStructures\fP

.sp 1
typedef union _AuEvent
.br
{
.br
    . . .
.br
    \fBAuMonitorNotifyEvent\fP \fIaumonitornotify\fP;
.br
    . . .
.br
}\fBAuEvent\fP;
.sp 1
typedef struct _AuMonitorNotifyEvent
.br
{
.br
    int \fItype\fP;
.br
    \fBAuUint32\fP \fIserial\fP;
.br
    \fBAuBool\fP \fIsend_event\fP;
.br
    \fBAuServer\fP *\fIserver\fP;
.br
    \fBAuTime\fP \fItime\fP;
.br
    \fBAuFlowID\fP \fIflow\fP;
.br
    unsigned char \fIelement_num\fP;
.br
    unsigned char \fIformat\fP;
.br
    unsigned char \fInum_tracks\fP;
.br
    unsigned short \fIcount\fP;
.br
    unsigned short \fInum_fields\fP;
.br
    \fBAuUint32\fP \fIdata\fP;
.br
    \fBAuUint32\fP \fIdata1\fP;
.br
    \fBAuUint32\fP \fIdata2\fP;
.br
}\fBAuMonitorNotifyEvent\fP;
.SH \fBMembers\fP
.IP \fItype\fP 1i
The event type.
MonitorNotify events are type \fBAuEventTypeMonitorNotify\fP.
.IP \fIserial\fP 1i
The serial ID of the event expanded from the 16 bit value sent by the server.
.IP \fIsend_event\fP 1i
\fBAuTrue\fP if the event came from a \fBSendEvent\fP protocol request.
.IP \fIserver\fP 1i
The connection to the audio server that the event was read from.
.IP \fItime\fP 1i
The server time in milliseconds when the event was generated.
.IP \fIflow\fP 1i
Specifies the ID of the flow that caused the event.
.IP \fIelement_num\fP 1i
The index of the ExportMonitor element that gnerated this event.
.IP \fIformat\fP 1i
The format of the monitor data.
Currently, the following formats are defined: \fBAuFormatULAW8\fP, \fBAuFormatLinearUnsigned8\fP, \fBAuFormatLinearSigned8\fP, \fBAuFormatLinearSigned16MSB\fP, \fBAuFormatLinearUnsigned16MSB\fP, \fBAuFormatSignedLinear16LSB\fP, and \fBAuFormatLinearUnsigned16LSB\fP.
Taken from the ExportMonitor element.
.IP \fInum_tracks\fP 1i
The number of tracks in the monitor data.
Taken from the ExportMonitor element.
.IP \fIcount\fP 1i
Always 0.
.IP \fInum_fields\fP 1i
Always 2.
.IP \fIdata\fP 1i
Monitor data.
.IP \fIdata1\fP 1i
Monitor data.
.IP \fIdata2\fP 1i
Monitor data.
.SH \fBDescription\fP
MonitorNotify events will be sent to clients with flows containing ExportMonitor elements.
.SH \fBSee Also\fP
\fBAuAnyEvent\fP,
\fBAuElementNotifyEvent\fP,
\fBAuErrorEvent\fP,
\fBAuGrabNotifyEvent\fP.
.sp 1
audiolib \- \fBNetwork Audio System\fP C Language Interface
