.\" $NCDId: @(#)AuScEvt.man,v 1.1 1994/09/27 00:36:22 greg Exp $
.\" copyright 1994 Steven King
.\"
.\" portions are
.\" * Copyright 1993 Network Computing Devices, Inc.
.\" *
.\" * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
.\" * documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
.\" * the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
.\" * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
.\" * documentation, and that the name Network Computing Devices, Inc. not be
.\" * used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of this
.\" * software without specific, written prior permission.
.\" * 
.\" * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS-IS'.  NETWORK COMPUTING DEVICES, INC.,
.\" * DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT
.\" * LIMITATION ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
.\" * PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL NETWORK
.\" * COMPUTING DEVICES, INC., BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING
.\" * SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA,
.\" * OR PROFITS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF, AND REGARDLESS OF
.\" * WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT OR NEGLIGENCE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
.\" * CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\" $Id: AuScEvt.man,v 1.1.1.1 1999/05/08 18:47:27 jon Exp $
.TH AuScanEvents 3 "1.2" "audiolib - event handling"
.SH \fBName\fP
\fBAuScanEvents\fP \- return the first event that satisfies the predicate
.SH \fBSynopsis\fP

.sp 1
\fBAuBool\fP \fBAuScanEvents\fP(\fIserver\fP, \fImode\fP, \fIdequeue\fP, \fIpredicate\fP, \fIarg\fP, \fIevent\fP)
.br
    \fBAuServer\fP *\fIserver\fP;
.br
    int \fImode\fP;
.br
    \fBAuBool\fP \fIdequeue\fP;
.br
    \fBAuBool\fP (*\fIpredicate\fP)(\fBAuServer\fP *,\fBAuEvent\fP *, \fBAuPointer\fP);
.br
    \fBAuPointer\fP \fIarg\fP;
.br
    \fBAuEvent\fP *\fIevent\fP; 
.SH \fBArguments\fP
.IP \fIserver\fP 1i
Specifies the connection to the audio server.
.IP \fImode\fP 1i
Specifies how far to look for a match.
This should be one of these constants: \fBAuEventsQueuedAlready\fP, \fBAuEventsQueuedAfterReading\fP, or \fBAuEventsQueuedAfterFlush\fP.
.IP \fIdequeue\fP 1i
Specifies if a matching event is found, should it be removed from the queue.
.IP \fIpredicate\fP 1i
Specifies the procedure that is called to determine if an event matches the criteria.
.IP \fIarg\fP 1i
Specifies any additional arguments to be passed to the predicate procedure.
.IP \fIevent\fP 1i
Returns the matching event if found. 
.SH \fBDescription\fP
\fBAuScanEvents\fP scans the event queue looking for the first event that satisfies the caller-supplied predicate.
If \fImode\fP is \fBAuEventsQueuedAlready\fP, \fBAuScanEvents\fP only checks for events already in the queue.
If \fImode\fP is \fBAuEventsQueuedAfterReading\fP, and a matching event isn't found already in the queue, \fBAuScanEvents\fP attempts to read more events out of the application's connection.
If \fImode\fP is \fBAuEventsQueuedAfterFlush\fP and a matching event isn't already in the queue or isn't waiting to be read, \fBAuScanEvents\fP flushes the output queue and attempts to read more events out of the application's connection.
If \fIdequeue\fP is \fBAuTrue\fP, and a matching event is found, it is removed from the queue.
The predicate procedure is called with the arguments \fIserver\fP, \fIevent\fP, and \fIarg\fP and should return \fBAuTrue\fP to indicate a match.
.SH \fBSee Also\fP
\fBAuEventsQueued\fP,
\fBAuScanForTypedEvent\fP,
\fBAuNextEvent\fP.
.sp 1
audiolib \- \fBNetwork Audio System\fP C Language Interface
