.\" $NCDId: @(#)AuServer.man,v 1.1 1994/09/27 00:36:39 greg Exp $
.\" copyright 1994 Steven King
.\"
.\" portions are
.\" * Copyright 1993 Network Computing Devices, Inc.
.\" *
.\" * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
.\" * documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
.\" * the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
.\" * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
.\" * documentation, and that the name Network Computing Devices, Inc. not be
.\" * used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of this
.\" * software without specific, written prior permission.
.\" * 
.\" * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS-IS'.  NETWORK COMPUTING DEVICES, INC.,
.\" * DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT
.\" * LIMITATION ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
.\" * PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL NETWORK
.\" * COMPUTING DEVICES, INC., BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING
.\" * SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA,
.\" * OR PROFITS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF, AND REGARDLESS OF
.\" * WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT OR NEGLIGENCE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
.\" * CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\" $Id: AuServer.man,v 1.1.1.1 1999/05/08 18:47:28 jon Exp $
.TH AuServer 3 "1.2" "audiolib - "
.SH \fBName\fP
\fBAuServer\fP \- AuServer structure
.SH \fBStructures\fP

.sp 1
typedef struct _AuServer
.br
{
.br
    . . .
.br
}\fBAuServer\fP;
.SH MACROS
Do not dereference the members of the \fBAuServer\fP structure directly.
Instead use the access macros.
.LP
\fIserver\fP is a pointer to a \fBAuServer\fP structure.
.IP \fBAuServerConnectionNumber\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int connection number.
.IP \fBAuServerQLength\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value with the length of the input queue.
.IP \fBAuServerVendor\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the NUL-terminated string giving the identification of the audio server vendor.
.IP \fBAuServerProtocolMajorVersion\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value of the major protocol revision number of the audio server.
.IP \fBAuServerProtocolMinorVersion\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value of the minor protocol revision number of the audio server.
.IP \fBAuServerVendorRelease\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value with the release number of the audio server.
.IP \fBAuServerString\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the NUL-terminated string giving the server name.
.IP \fBAuServerNextRequest\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuUint32\fP serial ID of the next protocol request to be sent.
.IP \fBAuServerLastKnownRequestProcessed\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuUint32\fP serial ID of the last known protocol request sent.
.IP \fBAuServerResourceBase\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuID\fP base used in constructing resource ID's.
.IP \fBAuServerResourceMask\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the \fBAuID\fP mask used in constructing resource ID's.
.IP \fBAuServerMinSampleRate\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value with the minimum sample rate supported by the server.
.IP \fBAuServerMaxSampleRate\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value with the maximum sample rate supported by the server.
.IP \fBAuServerMaxTracks\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the maximum number of tracks supported by the server.
.IP \fBAuServerNumFormats\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the number of formats supported by the server.
.IP \fBAuServerNumElementTypes\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the number of element types supported by the server.
.IP \fBAuServerNumWaveForms\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the number of waveform generators supported by the server.
.IP \fBAuServerNumActions\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the number of actions supported by the server.
.IP \fBAuServerNumDevices\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the number of server devices.
.IP \fBAuServerNumBuckets\fP(\fIserver\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value indicating the number of server buckets.
.IP "\fBAuServerFormat\fP(\fIserver\fP, \fIn\fP)" 1i
Accesses the int value of the \fIn\fP'th format supported by the server.
.IP "\fBAuServerElementType\fP(\fIserver\fP, \fIn\fP)" 1i
Accesses the int value of the \fIn\fP'th element supported by the server.
.IP "\fBAuServerWaveForm\fP(\fIserver\fP, \fIn\fP)" 1i
Accesses the int value of the \fIn\fP'th waveform supported by the server.
.IP "\fBAuServerAction\fP(\fIserver\fP, \fIn\fP)" 1i
Accesses the int value of the \fIn\fP'th action supported by the server.
.IP "\fBAuServerDevice\fP(\fIserver\fP, \fIn\fP)" 1i
Accesses the \fBAuDeviceAttributes\fP structure of the \fIn\fP'th server device.
.IP "\fBAuServerBucket\fP(\fIserver\fP, \fIn\fP)" 1i
Accesses the \fBAuBucketAttributes\fP structure of the \fIn\fP'th server bucket.
.IP "\fBAuClientOfID\fP(\fIserver\fP, \fIresource\fP)" 1i
Extracts the ClientID from \fIresource\fP.
.IP "\fBAuID\fP \fBAuAllocID\fP(\fIserver\fP)" 1i
Invokes the ID allocator function.
.SH \fBDescription\fP
The \fBAuServer\fP structure describes the connection to the audio server.
.SH \fBSee Also\fP
\fBAuCloseServer.
.sp 1
audiolib \- \fBNetwork Audio System\fP C Language Interface
