.\" $NCDId: @(#)Sound.man,v 1.2 1995/05/23 23:53:14 greg Exp $
.\" copyright 1994 Steven King
.\"
.\" portions are
.\" * Copyright 1993 Network Computing Devices, Inc.
.\" *
.\" * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
.\" * documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
.\" * the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
.\" * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
.\" * documentation, and that the name Network Computing Devices, Inc. not be
.\" * used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of this
.\" * software without specific, written prior permission.
.\" * 
.\" * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS-IS'.  NETWORK COMPUTING DEVICES, INC.,
.\" * DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT
.\" * LIMITATION ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
.\" * PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL NETWORK
.\" * COMPUTING DEVICES, INC., BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING
.\" * SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA,
.\" * OR PROFITS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF, AND REGARDLESS OF
.\" * WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT OR NEGLIGENCE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
.\" * CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\" $Id: Sound.man,v 1.1.1.1 1999/05/08 18:47:29 jon Exp $
.TH Sound 3 "1.2" "sound"
.SH \fBName\fP
\fBSound\fP \- audio file description.
.SH \fBStructures\fP

.br

.sp 1
typedef struct
.br
{
.br
    . . .
.br
}\fBSoundRec\fP, *\fBSound\fP;
.SH \fBMembers\fP
Do not dereference the members of the \fBSoundRec\fP structure directly.
Instead use the access macros.
.LP
\fIsound\fP is a \fBSound\fP, a pointer to a \fBSoundRec\fP structure.
.IP \fBSoundFileFormat\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value giving the format of the sound file.
.IP \fBSoundFileFormatString\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Accesses the string description of the format of the sound file.
.IP \fBSoundDataFormat\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value giving the data format of the sound file.
.IP \fBSoundDataFormatString\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Accesses the string description of the data format of the sound file.
.IP \fBSoundNumTracks\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value giving the number of tracks in the audio data in the sound file.
.IP \fBSoundSampleRate\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value giving the samples rate of the audio data in the sound file.
.IP \fBSoundNumSamples\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Accesses the int value giving the total number of samples.
.IP \fBSoundComment\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Accesses the string comment.
.IP \fBSoundBytesPerSample\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Returns the bytes per sample of audio data.
.IP \fBSoundNumBytes\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Returns the total number of bytes of audio data in the sound file.
.IP \fBSoundValidateDataFormat\fB(\fIsound\fP) 1i
Returns true if the sound file format is a valid format.
.SH \fBDescription\fP
The \fBSoundRec\fP structure describes an audio file.
.SH \fBSee Also\fP
\fBSoundCloseFile\fP,
\fBSoundCreate\fP,
\fBSoundFlushFile\fP,
\fBSoundOpenFileForReading\fP,
\fBSoundOpenFileWriting\fP,
\fBSoundReadFile\fP,
\fBSoundRewindFile\fP,
\fBSoundSeekFile\fP,
\fBSoundTellFile\fP,
\fBSoundWriteFile\fP.
.sp 1
audiolib \- \fBNetwork Audio System\fP C Language Interface
